Document KVM VM metadata handling in unmanage process (#595)
apache/cloudstack-documentation: source/adminguide/virtual_machines/importing_unmanaging_vms.rst

- The Instance state must be 'Running’ or ‘Stopped’
- The Instance must be a VMware Instance (as of CloudStack 4.19, it's also possible to unmanage a KVM-based Instances)

.. warning::

>    Starting with the 4.22.0 release, when a KVM VM is unmanaged, its infrastructure metadata (zone, pod, cluster, and host) in the libvirt VM XML is preserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Starting with the 4.22.1 release, when a KVM instance is unmanaged, the infrastructure metadata (zone, pod, cluster, and host details) is preserved in the libvirt VM XML.
```

Note: if any change in the retaining behavior, mainly clearing the metadata while unmanaging instance is handled before 4.22.1, this warning message is not needed and has to be reverted. cc @DaanHoogland
